Personally, I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. 
However, I do not think that this statement is completely correct. I have to admit that there are several companies advertising their products in an honest way, stating only facts about the product without any misleading slogans or jingles.
On the other hand, the majority of today\s industries is clever enough to trick their customers into buying their products. They do so by either creating highly convincing advertisemetns with slogans or jingles people tend to associate with the product, or they claim characteristics and facts about the products that are simply untrue. The most effective advertising strategy next to an easy to remember jingle you cannot get out of your head  is advertising with the support of celebrities presenting the product. 
Even though I do not like the idea of being lied to by a company, I can certainly understand this marketing mentality that is so widely spread today. In a world of globalization, open borders and free markets, every market of every country is flooded with an increadibly high number of foreign products. Not only do foreign products mostly seem more attractive to customers, they are often  cheap copies of orginals invented and produced in the home country.  Monoplies hardly ever exist anymore and competing not only with other companies in the country but especially with foreign companies certainly is rough. 
However, I think companies should only try to manipulate customers to a certain extent. There should be a clear difference between lying completely and persuading and influecing a little. Being a customer myself, of course, I rely on the government to control marketing strategies on the one hand but I definitely rely on own experiences I make on the other hand. If I know about a product that it does not fulfill all the expectations the company made me believe in, I will try my best to convince others not to buy it and I hope others will do so as well. And even if companies tend at times to overestimate a little and seem to be too euphemistic about their products, we still live in a world where people have gotten used to this kind of advertising behavior by now. I think, there is only a small percentage of society left that truly believes all the statements made in advertisement. I therefore have the hope that companies of the future will rely on attractive advertisements instead of on false statements.
