People often argue about what is more important for students to learn: ideas and concepts; or facts. Based on my four years of experience as a teacher, I strongly believe that it is far more important for students to learn ideas and concepts. Facts change very quickly, whereas ideas and concepts remain useful for a lifetime.

One of the most important objectives of education is to prepare the students for their future careers. I believe that students who understand the ideas and concepts well have a much better chance to succeed in the future than those who simply learn facts. This is especially evident in disciplines like science and engineering, where there is very little that one can do by simply memorizing facts. A student who only learns the basic equations about electricity can not  solve problems that involve combining various concepts or ideas. It is far more important for the student to understand the fundamental concepts and ideas, and develop an ability to make use of these concepts to develop his or her own solutions to practical problems. Similary, in history, it is a lot more important to understand the context of a war, rather than learn the simple fact that the war took place in a certain year. For example, it would be a lot more useful to understand why and how Hitler came to power in Germany, rather than the dates of particular events. 

Another factor that illustrates  the relative importance of understanding ideas and concepts over learning facts is also evident from the rate at which facts are changing. The rapid developments in science and technology change the so-called facts at such a high speed that it does not make sense for a student to spend too much time on learning facts. As a teacher, I often notice that many text-books that I have begun to use for my classes only a few years ago have already become out of date! Ideas and concepts, on the other hand continue to be valid over much longer periods of time. Moreover, in many cases, it is even possible for the students to apply a concept they learned in one area to some other areas. Facts, on the other hand, can not be easily transferred from one area to another.
