To answer the question, if most advertisements make products much better than they really are I want to procide in a certain way.
Since the question states that not all advertisements, but most of them are making a product look much better than it really is, I am just going to give some examples in order to empiricly prove that the given statement is correct.
In that order my first example is the Mc Donalds french fries.
When you see their commercial on TV, where it is these tasty french fries just shouting out of that shimmering red box, they always look just fabulous. They are thick and have that perfect yellow-brownish color. And almost more important they lie in that box perfectly organized. Not a single one is misplaced.
Comparing that wounderful illusion of Mc Donalds french fries with the reallity one has to come to the conclusion that there is a gigantic diffrence between them. That example hereby strongly supports the given statement.
To give another example one just has to look at one of these energy drink advertisements. The advertisements tell you that by consuming that nice colored, always cooled looking drink all of your lost power or energy will be restored immediatly. Most of these advertisements also make one feel that one becomes more attracitve by drinking that baverrage.
As in the first example the advertisement gives one an image of the product which does not correspond to the reallity.
Altough I have to admit that I did not try every existing energy-drink I believe I can tell by the dozen I have tried that they are neighter as good looking, nor as good energy restoring as the advertisement wants to make one believe.
As these to examples perfectly show advertisements usually make a product seem much better than it really is, which is nothing to wonder about if one looks at the purpose of an advertisement.
Since advertisements are made to increase the number of sold units of a product, of course they try to make everyone believe that they are buying a perfect product.    
