Swamped with commercials and advertisments in our daily lives, one might wonder whether a product's quality really correspond to the one being put forward by the ad or promotion. Although legally, companies can be held responsible for false advertisment, I believe that most of the sales and marketing campaigns for products do not reflect the real character of the product in question.

First of all, the praised outcomes of for instance cleaning products, can be questioned, as they deem to be very little effective for the actual purpose. Spot removal products are particularly known for this. Although  TV commercials highly recommend their use, real-life results tend to be rather frustrating. An ink spot or tomato sauce stain on your favorite yellow summer dress resists despite your desperate attempts of removing it with the highly suggested product. Unfortunately, one cannot blame the company, as the small print on the product usually allows for many loopholes regarding the interpretation of a product's effectiveness.

Furthermore, ad-campaigns, especially on TV or in the movie theatres, incite the viewers to step into a dreamland and do not reflect reality. By presenting a product, such as a Sports Utility Vehicule (SUV), as indestructable, indefeatable and magnificant, it may trigger hidden desires in potential customers. Yet, it is not important whether the product will be able to fulfill all the advertised qualities. In other words, the consumer, who will end up purchasing the item,  will most likely not need all the functions (e.g. four-wheeling) if the SUV is being used in an urban setting only. Nonetheless, it is important for the sake of the customer to maintain that dream alive.

Another argument, which supports my hypothesis is related to weight-watching products. It might be true that a person is able to lose a great amount of weight within the promoted time frame; however, this is rather a transient result. In fact, most of the time, customers who tried such products before, have found themselves with twice the weight they had before. Thus, the ad was only meant to effect short-term outcomes, rather than long-term related results.

In sum, the problem which advertisements are facing is a "catch 22". While they need to promote and even enhance the qualities and capacities of a product in order to incite consumers to buy it, they tend to exaggerate and paint an inaccurate picture of its real skills, which can lead to frustrating consumer experiences. 



