Since the ancient times, man has investigated ways to improve the ways to explore the world and cover great distances with minimum effort. From the invention of the wheel, to the establishment of the trade routes via ships, transportation has come a long way and gained even more importance. In todays world, being able to travel freely is no longer a privilage, but a basic right for all human beings. And, we simply would not be able to fully appreciate this right, if we did not have cars.

Cars give us the ability to travel individually and freely, assuming that we can afford to buy one and operate it. They are essential for people who work, have families and have busy schedules. One must also remember that for some people, their cars are essential in their struggle to make a living. For instance people like taxi drivers and transporters rely on their cars. As a result I believe that no matter how well the public transportation gets, in the next twenty years or so, there will still be a demand for individually owned and operated cars. I belive that the need for cars will even be more significant with the expected increase in human population expected within the next two decades.

In todays modern world, twenty years is a long enough time for significant technological achievements to take place. As a result, I also believe that these achievements will have a remarkable impact for cars as well. I think cars will be a lot more different from what we have today. They are going to be more efficient, more cost effective, less polluting and safer to operate. Thus, more and more people would buy cars, or whatever replaces them, and as a result we will have more cars in the future.

People like cars for the things they offer us. Things like  freedom, independence and ability to make a living It is very important for all of us to have these things in our lives and cars can make this a reality. By improving the means we produce cars in the next twenty years, it is possible satisfy the ever growing human population with the finish form of cars technology has to offer. As a result I belive that the need for cars will be increasing in the decades to follow as well as their numbers in our lives.
