I think understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than simply learning facts. However, sometime learning facts is necessary.
In the following paragraph i will state my reasons why i do agree with the statement.
First of all I think in today's society and business it is important to communicate. Discussing and talking about problems and ideas in a classroom gives you the ability to talk to people more easily even if you are not the same opinion. You learn to understand their idea and why they might think this specific way.
Another important thing is another benefit for your future job. Today you might be sitting in a classroom with a teacher helping you with every question you ask him or her but sooner or later you probably will be sitting in a business meeting, in a office or even be teaching a class full of students yourself. If you have learned to understand the ideas and concepts of things you also learned to solve problems. If you didn't understand it at first, you looked for answers and ways that you might be able to understand it.
The third thing is that it is probably easier to learn for a test when you get the main idea or the whole concept. When you prepare for a test and just learn facts the whole time but don't know how they fit together or what their connection is, it is pointless. You might know it untill the next day but you will forget it in about a month. However, if you learned the whole concept and understood it, you are familiar with it and it is easier for you to recall things. I would like to support my statement with an example: In Math it is very easy to solve problems after you have understood the main idea and the concept of the solution. Some tasks might be harder but you always know at least the way to solve them. If someone would just learn the formulars but doesn't know how to use them or how to combine them he won't do good on any test.
Even so I support the statement I have to say that there are some majors where learning facts is partly necessary. For example if you learn a new language you first just study the vocabulary.When you do history you have to learn dates and "timetables". In the end, however, it always matters that someone understands the whole idea.

