I disagree with the statement. Lets guess what can be the possible reason or factors which can lead to fewer cars in future.

One reason may be that fossils fuels would be exhausted. Then there would be no way to run the cars, which may lead to decrease in their numbers. But scientists have estimated that there is enough fossil fuel for the next fifty years. So my guess is that cars number may go down but certainly not in the next twenty years.

One may argue the due to unforeseen reason the cost of fuel goes up. Even if that is the case, I hold to my claim that the number of cars running on the roads will not decrease. Because cost of everthing is related to the cost of petroleum fuel, directly or indirectly. On the whole the relative cost of the fuel will remain the same. There would be no reason to abandon your cars. 

Yes, there is a possibility that new transport vehicle comes into the picture in the coming years. But it would be expensive. All products in testing phase are expensive. The new products cannot reach to mass production stage in just twenty years. How many years do you think inventions like aeroplane, television, even the electric bulb took to come to a situation where they were mass produces. You have to build the entire architecture for that new product, which may take more time than the development of the product. Like to operate a  electric bulb  you need a fully functional electric network!

People are not going to dump their cars for a new product. This is especially true for the people in underdeveloped and developing people, where they don't throw away even non functional things! And these people constitute a majority when the whole world is considered. 

Also there is a reliability issue. The cars after serving decades are quite reliable. You have choices. There are motor cars. There are flashy royal cars like Mercedes. You have entire car sport based on them. People are not going to abondon them in such a short time. Though vehicles have replaced the use of animals like horses for transportation but there are still horse races. The number of horses has not come down. 

One may claim that people might become so serious about the pollution so they may stop using cars. They are not going to be serious unless it threatens their lives. And if the number of cars does not multiply beyond our imagination, there will not be a situation where car pollution would hurt us that much. The situation, I guess, will remain the pretty same.

It is possible that the world comes to an end. Or the whole world would be submerged in water. Thats a different issue. Assuming that life goes on as it is now and no such abnormal activity happens, I see no reason why the number of cars being used will come down.  
