   "Seize the day" used to say the Epicurists, who else but young people would apply this moral point of view? Indeed I think that  young people do better know how to enjoy life than older people. There are several reasons for this belief.

      First of all I must acknowledege than the older people do, in one way, enjoy life for the simple reaon that their life is coming to its end. But, given that, I think that the young people live their life more intensively than their fathers or grand fathers do.
 
        Why do I say that? Because teenagers, and the young adults are eager to live their life, not only to live it in a normal way but to feel they are alive. They want to feel the life flowding in their veins. Thus they do crazy things thinking that they may be unable to do it afterwards. For instance young people are very fast drivers, very heavy drinkers, and very good at partying all night long. 

        Moereover, they don't only live more intensevely "normal life" but they are also looking for crazy things to do like jumping from an aircraft or jumping with an elastic from very high spots. I don't think that an eighty-years-old-grand mother would do that. Thus for two reasons. One is that she will be physically too old, an other one is that she will be mentally too old. At her age pleasures of life does not remain in risky things to do. She is just looking for some quiet stuff to make. But is she still enjoying life? She is certainly enjoying the end of it when young people are enjoying the dawn of it.

         That is the other main reason why young people are not only enjoying life but living it. It's because all opportunities are wide opened to them. A young mind is full of projects whereas an old one is full of memories. One is living things for real, an other is living them in fiction.


          All in all it appears that the young seize the day when the older look at it. But we can't deny them any pleasure for that. They are just saying "carpe diem" in a more peaceful way.
