In general I agree with this statement. The task of education is to learn general skills, concepts and cultural abilities that can be useful in different situations. If the students are fed up only with facts and particular informations they are not likely to develop the ability to collect, use and elaborate these informations. 
We may use two kinds of examples to shed a light on this question. 
Firstly, let us use this comparison. If the mind is like a computer, we can say that the concepts are like the software and that the facts are like the informations processed by the software. Without the software the brute informations have no meaning and are useless, but, nevertheless, without the informations the software is empty. Then, concepts and facts are necessary to each other. 
Secondly, we may analyse the case of history. There is a great historiographical debate between those who conceive the history as made of singular facts and those who see the history as made of great movements. But leaving aside this problem, we can say that the general historical concepts, such as modernization, industrial revolution, etc., help the historian in the collection and interpretation of the facts. Without a general idea that gives the direction, the historian would not be able to make his research and give a meaning to the facts he collects. Furthermore, general historical concepts are very useful for the students. Without learning basic historical movements and periods, a student cannot remember so many historical facts. Concepts help the memory and the understanding of things. 
As a general conclusion, we may say that, if the facts give the specifical informations on a topic, the concepts provide the general understanding. Probably, the concepts stem from an operation of synthesis of different facts under a unique point of view, but when a concept is understood, it can be used as a tool in different situations. 
Finally, it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts, because the task of education is the development of general skills. If this is not learned the student will not be able to work on the facts and will be like an database full of information and unable to use them.
