I do agree with the statement that young people do not spare enough time helping communities. Todays young generation is the "busy generation", the generation which does not think 24 hours in a day is sufficient. But the truth is not that there is a shortage of time but that there is absolutely lack of time management. People just dont plan their time which leads to a disorganised schedule and the end result is that they dont get their priorities right. As a result they tend to focus more on meeting "their" needs and are not bothered about giving something back to the community we come from.
           The phrase "community service" is rarely heard these days. Well, who then is to blame for such a sorry state? All of us.    Community service starts at home. Helping the elderly at home or planting trees in the neighbourhood also constitutes community service.The schools, the children study in, the colleges teens go to, the offices people work in are all equally responsible. It is in these places that the seeds of community service should first be planted. The consiousness to help the society we come from should gradually dawn in. Commuity service can take many forms. For example, the school children could be made to collect old clothes and food items and donate it to an orphange. A company could take the initiative in mantaining a park or a colony clean. Students in colleges should start groups or join an existing group and teach the underprivileged children in the adjacent localities. Funds could be raised by way of organising cultural programmes or entertainment shows and the money collected be distributed to charities. 
        And if there is any time when community service matter most, it is in times of severe strife, esp natural disaster such a floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, etc.  After all what happens to a person today may happen to us tomorrow. We should, therefore give what we expect to recieve. And a very important step in this direction would be to start managing the time at our disposal judiciously and devote some time
