The very task and eventually also the goal of advertisements is it, to promote a specific product in a way that makes it difficult for the potential customer to withstand from purchasing it. Therefore, those responsible to create commercials and advertisements, might be tempted to make certain products look better than they actuallly, soleley in order to gain a higher profit. This, I believe, is also the intrinsic factor in my essay, it is the greed of a capitalistically driven world to gain more and this more can be labelled as money.
So, how is it possible to gain this precious metal?
Many adds focus on the fears people have, and the fears in western societies are very often linked to the fact of growing older. This is escpecially true for the use or one might even be able to call it abuse of women growing older, who in our socities are still greatly judged according to their outer appearance. Simultaneously with their outer beauty fading away and the first wrinkles appearing their pockets are becoming looser and they are ready to respond to corresponding adds. The adds usually show women who lose their wrinkles thanks to a great new cosmetic invention within only a couple of weeks. In fact, it is true, according to scientific research, that events like this don't occur overnight, not even within a two-week-period. To me, this sounds very much like withholding information from the public and making use of the existing lack of knowledge on this subject.
Another example shows this even more thoroughly.
Many adds praise the outstanding advantages of eating a special yoghurt full of specific micro-organisms, which contribute to the well functioning of our intestines. Yet, what everybody who as a little understanding of the biology of human beings as well as the entire biosphere, knows, is that every single yoghurt, not just this very specific one, contains exactly the same fabulous micro-organisms, surprise, surprise! This definitely can only be referred to as misleading information.
In the light of what I have tried to elaborate on, it appears to be very obvious that I very much agree with the question being posed here. Advertisements which should in fact inform public properly on the products they promote, do very often pass on misleading information. 

