The use of cars has increased rapidly over the last few years. Almost everybody uses his car daily for example to go to work.
The question whether in twenty years less cars will be used than nowadays is fairly hard to answer.
On the one hand I think this statement will become true for several reasons.
First of all gas prices are rising constantly for the last few years and this trend seems to continue. Therefore many people will not be able to keep their cars or at least reduce the distances they dirve to a minimum. Instead they will try to find alternatives such as taking the train or the bus.
Furthermore the reached level of pollution caused by cars is already very high nowadays. The governments will probably try to find solutions for this problem, which could be either higher taxes or to forbid driving to some kind of cars or even completely on some days in the year. If the first thing happens, having a car will again be more expensive and like this a lot of people will not be able to keep their cars. 
On the other hand there are also reasons that support the idea that in the future the number of cars will not decline.
Allthough there will be more alternatives in the future to travel comfortably, made possible by for example new inventions like the transrapid, these inventions are still to expensive for most of the people. Therefore it will still be cheaper to go by car. The effect of the ricing prices in the energy sector on public transport media has to be considered as well. Prices for using a bus or a train might become higher and the car could eventually still be the cheapest way to travel.
Apart from that many people reject going by train or bus because they want to maintain their independancy. If you go by car you have no fixed times for leaving. You can just stay as long as you wish and do not have to care about the time
Moreover there are not direct connections available for all places to go. You might have to spend some extra time to reach your goal through changing the train or having to take routes for which you need more time.

Taking all this into consideration I think that there will not be fewer cars in the future, because most people prefer going by car instead of using other transportation media.
