                         I dont believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. There are few reasons for this.
                          Firstly,in todays world transport is the main important and essential thing. People are used to go in their own vehicles to different places. They are accustomed to the use of their own vehicles. Very few people use public transport. Almost every person owns a car. They find this convinient.
                         Second,if a person uses his own car,he will probably reach the destination in less time. Thus this is time saving and every person wants to save time. For example, a business person who is always busy in meetings has to attend another important meeting in just few minutes at some other place,he finds his car more convinient than any other means of transport. He just reaches the destination  in time or probably earlier. Such is the imporatance of car to a person. So it is not possible for such persons to stop using it.
                         Third,the person is free to use the car at any time he wants because he owns it. Thus this gives them more convinience.
For ex,a person wants to attend a party in the afternoon ,he can reach the place within  few minutes if he uses his own car. But if he relies on some other means of transport(probably public transport which will not be available at our convinient times),he would probably reach the place after the party is actually over.                            
                          Fourth,since the technology is fast growing ,today there are a wide variety of cars available. Since there is a competetive market, the cars are sold at lower prices. Its not a problem for a person to buy it.
                           Fifth,there are places which are accessible or which makes them easier to reach only if they go in their own vehicle. using a car also prevents the person from being exposed to hot sun,cold weather and rain. Thus a person would find this more convinient and cant restrict himself from using his own car. 
                       Thus i conclude that because of all the above mentioned reasons such convinience,reduced cost,etc the usage of cars will not be reduced.          
