Media has played a major role in Globalization.  It does not matter in which part of the world we live, we can be aware of all the happenings in other parts as well. Moreover, Media has contributed a lot in the world of advertisement. Before launching of any product, the company promotes its product with the help of media. We know the name of a particular product and its significant feature before it is launced in the market. And as a result the demand of the product increases. Media plays a major role in successful launching of any product. The world of bussiness is based on two very important words:"demand" and "supply". Knowing about the product and its significant feature even before its market supply, greatly increase its demand. But advertisement only add profits to its manufacturers and mislead its customers.

These advertisement introduce these products in a colourful fashion. We can see most actors and actresses in the advertisement of Soaps, cars and many cosmetic items. These advertisements lure public and portray that this perticular item is the best as this film star or sport star is using the same.The manufacturers show only those features that they want to show.  They never highlight all the features of the product so that the customers can have real idea of the product. Due to the presence of many similar items, customers may have many choices but it is actually very confusing because they only have a vague idea of everyone.  So,  these advertisement  mislead  public.

Thousand and thousand of dollars are spend on these advertisement to make it more charming and colourful. But the cost of these advertisement is added on the cost price of the product. So, finally the customer has to bare the cost of these advertisement. Lets take an example every month a new toothpaste is introduced by the same company by just adding some more fancyful features and attract public through advertisement. Advertisement full the pockets of the manufacturers and lure the public to spend on the new product. After all this is bussiness.
